Improvemente: A/B testing guides (#631)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/vtex-io/App-Guides/ab-tests/vtex-io-documentation-performing-ab-testing-between-legacy-and-io.md

2. Ensure that you already have a Development workspace for your account. Otherwise, create and set up one following [Creating a Development workspace in IO for a CMS legacy store](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-creating-development-workspace-for-cms-legacy) guide.

3. Ensure that your Development workspace has the `vtex.edition-store@5.x` Edition app installed. Run the `vtex edition get` in your terminal to verify the Edition App version installed on the current account. Otherwise, [Open a ticket to the VTEX support team](https://help-tickets.vtex.com/smartlink/sso/login/zendesk?_ga=2.222513819.1487123273.1647865109-1001456323.1619912759) requesting the installation of the `vtex.edition-store@5.x` Edition app in the new Development workspace.

> ## Step-by-step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step by step

### Step 1 - Developing your Store Framework theme
```

Reviewer: Fiz uma sugestão de quebrar o step by step em seções menores. Seria interessante incluir uma breve descrição de cada step após o título. Fora isso, eu senti falta de uma explicação inicial do tipo: a loja com Legacy CMS tá rodando na master, a loja no Store Framework vai ser criada em um workspace de produção, etc, etc.

Fora que talvez fosse interessante partir do ponto em que a loja do Store Framework já foi desenvolvida. 

Depois de dar uma olhada nos comentários, eu acho que vale rever essa doc como um todo para ter certeza que está tudo coerente e formatado direitinho.

> 1. Using your terminal and the [VTEX IO CLI](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-installation-and-command-reference), log into your VTEX account by running the following command. *Remember to replace the value between the brackets for the VTEX account name you desire. For example: `vtex login account-name`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Using your terminal and the [VTEX IO CLI](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-vtex-io-cli-installation-and-command-reference), log into your VTEX account by running the following command. *Remember to replace `{accountName}` with your VTEX account name.*
```

        ```bash

>         vtex login {account-name}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        vtex login {accountName}
```

        ```

> 2. Access the Development workspace that you have created by running the following command. *Remember to replace the value between the brackets for the Development workspace you desire. For example: `vtex use test`.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Access the development workspace that you have created by running the following command. *Remember to replace the value between the brackets with the name of the development workspace you created in the previous step.*
```

        ```bash
        vtex use {workspace} 
        ```

> 3. Perfom the changes you desire in the Development workspace.

Reviewer: Talvez fosse interessante redirecionar para uma doc sobre desenvolvimento de front de loja tipo [essa track](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/getting-started-3)

4. Once you have created and performed changes in the development workspace, [create a production workspace](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-creating-a-production-workspace) to test your changes with some user traffic.

> 

Reviewer: Acho que dá para quebrar esse step by step em partes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2 - Setting up the Legacy CMS 
```

> 5. Run the `vtex use master` command in your terminal to perform the steps below in the Master workspace. The Master workspace must be set to the `vtex.edition-business@0.x` [edition app](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-edition-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Run the `vtex use master` command in your terminal to perform the steps below in the master workspace. The master workspace must be set to the `vtex.edition-business@0.x` [Edition app](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-edition-app).
```

6. Install the `vtex.colossus-legacy-proxy@@1.8.9-hkignore` app. This is an essential step to avoid that you store in production break.

        >⚠️ The app’s version must be `vtex.colossus-legacy-proxy@1.8.9-hkignore`. If not, the store won’t respond to the request. **Do not uninstall this app, as it's essential for proper store rendering.** The `vtex.colossus-legacy-proxy` app routes requests from the store website within the VTEX IO environment. For example, during an A/B test between IO and Legacy CMS Portal, the store is placed inside the IO environment, and this app is configured in a workspace to route requests for the website to render the store. The `vtex.colossus-legacy-proxy@1.8.9-hkignore` points to the master workspace that is in Legacy CMS Portal and the `vtex.colossus-legacy-proxy@2.x`` points to the development workspace in VTEX IO. 

> 7. [Open a ticket to the VTEX support team](https://help-tickets.vtex.com/smartlink/sso/login/zendesk?_ga=2.222513819.1487123273.1647865109-1001456323.1619912759) requesting the redirection of the production workspace to be rendered in VTEX IO

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. [Open a ticket to the VTEX support team](https://help-tickets.vtex.com/smartlink/sso/login/zendesk?_ga=2.222513819.1487123273.1647865109-1001456323.1619912759) requesting the redirection of the production workspace to be rendered in VTEX IO.
```

Reviewer: Achei confuso esse step.

        >⚠️ If the store has a different storefront for mobile, inform this in the ticket to the VTEX support.

> 8. Once the Production workspace is rendering in the VTEX IO, you can enable the A/B test between the workspaces described in the [Running native A/B tests](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-running-native-ab-testing) step-by-step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Once the production workspace is rendering in the VTEX IO, you can enable the A/B test between the workspaces described in the [Running native A/B tests](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-running-native-ab-testing) guide.
```

### Validating if the A/B test is running

> 1. To ensure that the A/B test is working, make a GET response in the following API: `http://platform.io.vtex.com/{{account}}/_abtest/parameters`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To ensure that the A/B test is working, send a `GET` request to the following API: `http://platform.io.vtex.com/{{accountName}}/_abtest/parameters`.
```

        >⚠️ The Header must have `VtexIdclientAutCookie` from the account you want to get the information. For example: `VtexIdclientAutCookie: {{VtexIdclientAutCookie}}`

> 2. The result should be similar to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The response should be similar to the following:
```
